help/using/overview/aam-overview.md, before:

---
description: 有关 Adobe Audience Manager 历史记录、收集的数据类型、分段、报表等的信息。
landing-page-description: 有关 Audience Manager 历史、收集的数据类型、分段、报告等的信息。
seo-title: Audience Manager Overview
solution: Audience Manager
title: Audience Manager 概述
uuid: 9334da91-3691-4223-a433-cca35a980a6e
feature: Overview
exl-id: e96d8c05-7082-4f17-936d-f1896e665c8e
source-git-commit: 2b7858ba9000f0e0a1310bf40cd33ce3b0b01de6
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '297'
ht-degree: 88%

---

# Audience Manager 概述 {#audience-manager-overview}

Audience Manager 可以帮助您汇总受众数据资产，从而能够轻松收集与网站访客有关的商业相关信息，创建可销售的区段，以及向合适的受众提供有针对性的广告和内容。此外，Audience Manager 可轻松部署和管理标记，并具备强大的数据收集、控制和保护功能。

使用 Audience Manager，您可以不必依赖于数据销售商、交易台或需求方平台。此外，Audience Manager对于合作伙伴的数据资产完全不可知。 通过访问多个数据源，Audience Manager使数字出版商能够使用各种第三方数据。 与我们的合作伙伴解决方案团队交流，了解如何帮助您针对目标受众做出明智而准确的决策。

## 数据管理平台 (DMP) 的三个功能  {#dmp-three-functions}

数据管理平台 (DMP) 的功能可归纳为三个类别，如下所示。

![三个 DMP 功能的图像：数据输入、受众创建、数据输出](/help/using/overview/assets/dmp-functions.png)

**数据输入**

Audience Manager 从渠道和设备（Web 分析、CRM、设备数据、电子商务等）收集第一方数据。

**受众创建**

将数据整合到受众配置文件中，为您提供跨设备和渠道的完整客户视图。创建相似人群拓展模型，构建受众区段和配置文件组，并使用第二方和第三方数据源进行补充。

**数据输出**

通过将受众区段推送到需求方平台 (DSP)、营销活动管理系统和其他营销平台，激活受众区段。

## 更多信息 {#more-information}

有关更多信息，请参阅以下资源：
* [Audience Manager 概述](https://www.adobe.com/cn/analytics/audience-manager.html)
* [Audience Manager 优势](https://www.adobe.com/cn/analytics/audience-manager/benefits.html)
* [Audience Manager 功能](https://www.adobe.com/cn/analytics/audience-manager/features.html)


<!--

## History and Background {#history-and-background}

Audience Manager started as Demdex in 2008. It was acquired by Adobe Systems in 2011 and subsequently rebranded as Audience Manager.

## History {#history}

Since 2008, Audience Manager (formerly, [!UICONTROL Demdex]) has been a pioneer in the on-line audience management market. Audience Manager services power dynamic, multi-channel online data strategies. Our platform and services are used by an array of diverse industries from automobiles (AutoTrader), to airlines (American Airlines), and financial services companies (American Express). Audience Manager uses enterprise-level technology to provide the scale, reliability, analytics, and performance to help your business succeed online. Audience Manager integrates with the Adobe Experience Cloud to help you centralize, manage, and take action on your data assets across a growing number of digitally addressable channels.

## Audience Manager and its Data Management Platform (DMP) {#aam-dmp}

Audience Manager helps you manage your data pipeline. Our service is a catalyst that transforms generic users and raw data signals into actual audience segments used for multi-channel marketing efforts. Additionally, Audience Manager provides tools for tag management and audience analytics while simultaneously meeting the privacy and data security needs of clients and consumers.

![](assets/am_overview_80.png)


-->

Commit message:

Updated by task 'AutomatedMDTask_1678923049987_TM-MT_1678923072997'  Changes for core/source commit https://git.corp.adobe.com/AdobeDocs/audience-manager.en/commit/5d62ecabfe66faa024f8e89149e47dd76d1bba86

help/using/overview/aam-overview.md, after:

---
description: 有关 Adobe Audience Manager 历史记录、收集的数据类型、分段、报表等的信息。
landing-page-description: 有关 Audience Manager 历史、收集的数据类型、分段、报告等的信息。
short-description: Information about the history of Audience Manager, types of data collected, segmentation, reporting, and more.
seo-title: Audience Manager Overview
solution: Audience Manager
title: Audience Manager 概述
uuid: 9334da91-3691-4223-a433-cca35a980a6e
feature: Overview
exl-id: e96d8c05-7082-4f17-936d-f1896e665c8e
source-git-commit: 5d62ecabfe66faa024f8e89149e47dd76d1bba86
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '297'
ht-degree: 88%

---

# Audience Manager 概述 {#audience-manager-overview}

Audience Manager 可以帮助您汇总受众数据资产，从而能够轻松收集与网站访客有关的商业相关信息，创建可销售的区段，以及向合适的受众提供有针对性的广告和内容。此外，Audience Manager 可轻松部署和管理标记，并具备强大的数据收集、控制和保护功能。

使用 Audience Manager，您可以不必依赖于数据销售商、交易台或需求方平台。此外，Audience Manager对于合作伙伴的数据资产完全不可知。 通过访问多个数据源，Audience Manager使数字出版商能够使用各种第三方数据。 与我们的合作伙伴解决方案团队交流，了解如何帮助您针对目标受众做出明智而准确的决策。

## 数据管理平台 (DMP) 的三个功能  {#dmp-three-functions}

数据管理平台 (DMP) 的功能可归纳为三个类别，如下所示。

![三个 DMP 功能的图像：数据输入、受众创建、数据输出](/help/using/overview/assets/dmp-functions.png)

**数据输入**

Audience Manager 从渠道和设备（Web 分析、CRM、设备数据、电子商务等）收集第一方数据。

**受众创建**

将数据整合到受众配置文件中，为您提供跨设备和渠道的完整客户视图。创建相似人群拓展模型，构建受众区段和配置文件组，并使用第二方和第三方数据源进行补充。

**数据输出**

通过将受众区段推送到需求方平台 (DSP)、营销活动管理系统和其他营销平台，激活受众区段。

## 更多信息 {#more-information}

有关更多信息，请参阅以下资源：
* [Audience Manager 概述](https://www.adobe.com/cn/analytics/audience-manager.html)
* [Audience Manager 优势](https://www.adobe.com/cn/analytics/audience-manager/benefits.html)
* [Audience Manager 功能](https://www.adobe.com/cn/analytics/audience-manager/features.html)


<!--

## History and Background {#history-and-background}

Audience Manager started as Demdex in 2008. It was acquired by Adobe Systems in 2011 and subsequently rebranded as Audience Manager.

## History {#history}

Since 2008, Audience Manager (formerly, [!UICONTROL Demdex]) has been a pioneer in the on-line audience management market. Audience Manager services power dynamic, multi-channel online data strategies. Our platform and services are used by an array of diverse industries from automobiles (AutoTrader), to airlines (American Airlines), and financial services companies (American Express). Audience Manager uses enterprise-level technology to provide the scale, reliability, analytics, and performance to help your business succeed online. Audience Manager integrates with the Adobe Experience Cloud to help you centralize, manage, and take action on your data assets across a growing number of digitally addressable channels.

## Audience Manager and its Data Management Platform (DMP) {#aam-dmp}

Audience Manager helps you manage your data pipeline. Our service is a catalyst that transforms generic users and raw data signals into actual audience segments used for multi-channel marketing efforts. Additionally, Audience Manager provides tools for tag management and audience analytics while simultaneously meeting the privacy and data security needs of clients and consumers.

![](assets/am_overview_80.png)


-->
